[DO-590] Update section about middleware (#30)
gevamu/gevamu.github.io: content/2.application.md

### Client Application

> Most typically, the Client Application is a Web UI or a mobile application on a user’s machine. It is developed by the Participant/BNO organization and customized according to their needs. The Participant provides essential payment information and initiates the payment process by completing a payment form in the UI of the Client Application. Subsequently, the Gevamu Payments SDK and Payments Gateway will handle the payment initiation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, the Client Application is a Web UI or a mobile application on a user’s machine. It is developed by the Participant/BNO organization and customized according to their needs. The Participant initiates the payment process by completing a payment form, providing essential payment information, in the UI of the Client Application. Subsequently, the Gevamu Payments SDK and Payments Gateway will handle the payment initiation process.
```

### Middleware

> Middleware is a backend to enable communication between the Client Application and the Participant Node in the Corda Network. The payment data specified by the Participant through the Client Application is translated into the payment instruction and sent to the Payments CorDapp. The middleware is developed by the Participant/BNO. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Middleware is a backend developed by the Participant/BNO. It enables communication between the Client Application and the Participant Node in the Corda Network. The payment data specified by the Participant, through the Client Application, is translated into the payment instruction and sent to the Payments CorDapp. 
```
